na na na na na na na na
na na na na
I already have and can control myself
but there is another person to enter
your place
Anything you say against you and I will.
use
I'm the kind of woman you'll never go.
to think you do not need to hide
Let's try leaving without my seeing.
you do not have to touch me
when my 15 to me your son does not
understand now that I'm like you
never will get me is I overcame me you
here today, and how long is it?
I decided to run with this in nothing.
the sea ​​has not yet not
there is nothing in namm show loving you not
managed to win
Sorry, I have to talk, see if it stops.
to mess with anything, come on up
I just do not want this super
natural but did not want stretch
I nodded and I did not expect you here.
Today I know how much time I lost, I love you.
ita to hold or you here today I know
Time I asked but I will start over na na
na na na na
nanny in namm
walk ram
Hello, I 'm joão saucers here with me today
If this is Fernando and this is the first
Unreleased song here from the channel again
I hope you have enjoyed spreading
on social networks for everyone to hear
also
click here on the tenement you liked the
video leave your comment because the
people are very important and
Thursday we meet here at
music and fashion with one more song
waiting next Thursday, bye